Chat and Milvus UI + Local Models (#9)
hipposys-ltd/RAG-base: README.md

        1. `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` if you'll be using `AWS`.
        1. `OPENAI_API_KEY` if you'll be using OpenAI.
        1. Other credentials may be suitable for local development, but should be replaced when deploying to a remote server (e.g. `prod`) for additional security.

>     1. If you want to use a local LLM or embedding model, uncomment `LOCAL_LLM` and `LOCAL_EMBEDDING_MODEL`, then specify a model available at [Ollama's model search](https://ollama.com/search). **Note:** The selected LLM must support tools for compatibility with this architecture. If you modify the default values, remember to update the `LLM` and `EMBEDDING_MODEL` arguments in `docker-compose.local-models.yml`.

Reviewer: Why not use the same method that we have with OpenAI/Bedrock. Currently we just comment / uncomment the correct classes.

Alternatively, if we would like to use ENV, which may be a better option, then maybe we should use it for all models. Something like what PydanticAI have: `LLM_MODEL_ID='ollama:model-name'` or `EMBEDING_MODEL_ID='bedrock:model-id'` and then use that to import only the relevant libraries (the import is inside the if statement) etc.

I think the important thing is to have a consistent API

Author: Hey @ofir-ov , 

Yes, you're right. I changed the code and deprecated `Local` env variables. What do you think about it?

> 1. Build and run the project via Docker: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.milvus.yml up -d --build`, if you are using local models, run: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.milvus.yml -f docker-compose.local-models.yml up --build`. To enable the UI for chat and Milvus DB, use: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.milvus.yml -f docker-compose.ui.yml up --build`

Reviewer: Maybe better to break it down to options in the following way to make it easier to look at and understand:
```suggestion
1. Build and run the project via Docker: The base command is `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d --build`. Add one or more of the following compose files, depending on your use-case:
    1. Milvus: `-f docker-compose.milvus.yml`
    1. Chroma: `-f docker-compose.chromadb.yml`
    1. To use local models: `-f docker-compose.local-models.yml`
    1. To enable the UI for chat and Milvus DB,: `-f docker-compose.ui.yml`
```
